IBX-822: Docbook format (#1429)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/public_php_api_creating_content.md

### Creating content with RichText

The RichText Field accepts values in a custom flavor of [Docbook](https://github.com/docbook/wiki/wiki) format.
For example, to add a simple RichText paragraph, provide the following as input:

``` xml
<section xmlns="http://docbook.org/ns/docbook" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:ezxhtml="http://ez.no/xmlns/ezpublish/docbook/xhtml" xmlns:ezcustom="http://ez.no/xmlns/ezpublish/docbook/custom" version="5.0-variant ezpublish-1.0"><para>Description of your Content item.</para></section>
```

> To learn more about the format and how ir represents different elements of rich text, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the format and how it represents different elements of the RichText, see
```

> [RichText Field Type reference](field_types_reference/richtextfield.md#custom-docbook-format).

Reviewer 2: Is this link correct? should it redirect to Docbook format or to RichText Reference page? Now it leads to Docbook format.

Author: Yes, that is the intention, to point directly to the ref. for specific docbook elements
